Feature/forms (#249)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/php/filters/general/http-request-timeout.md

---
id: http-request-timeout
title: HTTP request timeout
---

> This filter can be used to change the cURL timeout for the file upload, useful if you have to upload large files.

Reviewer: It might be useful to add the time unit to the description... not sure if this is in `s` or `ms`

Author: tnx, added

> This filter can be used to change the cURL timeout for the file upload, useful if you have to upload large files. Unit is seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter can be used to change the cURL timeout for the file upload, useful if you have to upload large files. The time is calculated in seconds.
```

> This filter can be used to change the cURL timeout for the file upload, useful if you have to upload large files. Unit is seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows you to change the `cURL` timeout for file uploads, in seconds. Useful if you anticipate large files uploads, which could cause timeouts on slower connections.
```

```php
add_filter('es_forms_general_http_request_timeout', function(): int {

> 	return 50;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	return 50; // 50 seconds.
```

> title: Http request timeout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: HTTP request timeout
```
